README.md, before:

# Introduction
Discord bot written in PHP using laravel and the DiscordPHP package. Initially created just for our own server but
is now able to run on multiple servers. This project is still a work in progress and not everything might be 
completely user-friendly. Even though it is a general purpose discord bot, I try to add on top what discord already
offers instead of replacing functionality entirely.

Check the `/help` command in discord or if you have questions DM me directly by my discord tag: `drerrievandebuurt`.

## Functionality
Short list of what this bot can do:
- Everything is based on guild, can run on multiple servers with its own data
- Role and permissions system with complete control to assign permissions as you see fit
- Leveling by sending messages and hanging out in voice + commands to manage xp
- Role Rewards based on levels
- Extensive bot config where almost all settings can be changed
- User config where user can set specific settings for that guild
- Extensive logging with ability to enable/disable each event individually
- Adding flags to channels to for example not gain xp there, or not allow stickers, or only allow media
- Automatic timeout detection to get a better overview of who has been timed out, why and how often
- User blacklist where users can be added and prevented from using certain functions of the bot
- Assign roles to users when they join the server
- Add replies based on roles in the server when you mention the bot
- Reminders - send a reminder every xx time in a certain channel
- Add emotes as custom reactions to strings, when those strings are detected the bot will react with set emote
- Add custom message commands with simple responses
- Counting channel
- Question of the day reminder tag
- Count all emotes send in the server
- Cringe counter where you can increase and decrease as people behave in a cringe way (:D)
- Bump statistics, keeps track of how often people bump the server just for fun
- A bunch of other small fun commands like retrieving info from urban dictionary, generate images with AI and more
- Moderator statistics to see how productive moderators are

## Thanks <3
- Justin & Stefan for ideas and mental support.
- Angel for writing most of the Skyrim lines used in the MentionResponder.
- Richard for bug testing and working out ideas.
- Ricardo for working out ideas to implement.

# Installing
1. Download this repo and install al its dependencies with `composer install`
2. Create your env file `mv .env.example .env` and fill in database credentials
3. Fill in you Discord bot token (BOT_TOKEN) and any other api credentials:
```
BOT_TOKEN=
URB_TOKEN=
URB_HOST=
OPENAI_API_KEY=
OPEN_AI_HOST=
```

 
### Database
The bot will set up everything correctly when it detects a guild for the first time. However you can use the seeder
`GuildSeeder` and `DiscordUsersSeeder` to setup any users and guilds manually.
```php
 class DiscordUsersSeeder extends Seeder
{
    public function run()
    {
        $ids = [
            '<discord_owner_id_here>', 
        ];
        foreach ($ids as $id) {
            DiscordUser::factory()->create([
                'discord_id' => $id,
            ]);
        }
    }
}
```

```php
class GuildSeeder extends Seeder
{
    public function run()
    {
        $guilds = [
            [
                'name' => '<guild_name_here>',
                'guild_id' => '<guild_id_here>', // Servers are guilds
                'owner_id' => 1, // First user added in DiscordUsersSeeder
            ],
        ];
        foreach ($guilds as $guild) {
            Guild::factory()->create($guild);
        }
    }
}
```
- If you let the bot detect guilds itself you can set up the database using `php artisan migrate:fresh --seeder=PermissionSeeder`.
- To run all seeders including users and guilds you can use `php artisan migrate --seed`.

### Running the bot
You can use the following commands to run the bot:
- `bot:run` - Run the bot, does not create, update or delete slash commands
- `bot:run --update` - Creates/Updates all slash commands first
- `bot:run --delete` - Deletes all slash commands first

In order to make the image generation with open ai and reminders work you also need to run the queue `php artisan queue:work` and install redis!

# Functions
I will try to update this readme with new functionality as I add it. The bot uses only slash commands! 
The slash commands all use sub commands to group them together and autocomplete is on where possible for all inputs!

## Multiple servers
The bot runs on multiple servers, if it detects a guild for the first time it will set up everything required and loads
some default settings. When adding the bot to your server the bot needs these permissions:
- View audit log
- Read messages
- Send messages
- Manage messages
- Embed links
- Read message history
- Add Reactions
- Use voice activity

## Roles and permissions

The bot uses a permissions and role system. Permissions are coded into the bot and available for you to assign
to as many roles as you like, those roles can be assigned to as many users as you like. Users can also have multiple
roles.

### Permissions
`roles` `create-role` `delete-role` `update-role` `permissions` `attach-permission` `attach-role` `config`
`timeouts` `channels` `add-cringe` `delete-cringe` `commands` `reactions` `role-rewards` `manage-xp` `logs`
`role_rewards` `manage_xp` `add_mention` `del_mention` `manage_mention_group` `openai` `abusers`

### Default Roles
`Admin` `Moderator`

### Commands

* **roles list** • Overview of all roles and their permissions
* **roles add** `role_name` • Add a new role
* **roles delete** `role_name` • Delete a role
* **roles roles** `user_mention` • See your roles or those from another user
* **permissions list** • Overview of all permissions
* **permissions add** `role_name` `perm_name` • Add permission(s) to a role
* **permissions delete** `role_name` `perm_name` • Remove permission(s) from a role
* **users list** • Overview of all users and their roles
* **users add** `user_mention` `role_name` • Add user to the given role
* **users delete** `user_mention` `role_name` • Remove user from given role";

## Levels and XP

If enabled users can gain xp by sending messages and hanging out in voice. Check the Bot config section below
for more control how much xp people gain per message, per minute in voice and if you want to enable this functionality
at all. It is possible to attach role rewards to levels, when a user reaches that specific level a new role is granted.

For gaining xp in voice we have two extra rules:
- Muted users (either mic muted or both) do not gain XP.
- Users in a voice channel marked as `no_xp` will not gain XP.

More on how to set the no_xp flag to a channel later.

### Calculating Levels

This is what I use to calculate required XP for each level: `5 * (lvl ^ 2) + (50 * lvl) + 100 - xp` it is the exact same 
XP system as MEE6 uses. You can read more here ->  https://github.com/Mee6/Mee6-documentation/blob/master/docs/levels_xp.md


### Commands

* **xp leaderboard** • Show the leaderboard with the highest ranking members at the top
* **xp rank** `user_mention` • Show your own level, xp and messages or that of another user
* **xp give** `user_mention` `xp_amount` • Give user xp
* **xp remove** `user_mention` `xp_amount` • Remove user xp
* **xp reset** `user_mention` • Reset XP for user
* **rolerewards list** • Show the role rewards for different levels
* **rolerewards add** `level` `role_id` • Add a role reward to a level
* **rolerewards delete** `level` • Delete role rewards from this level";

## Bot Config

The bot loads a config from the settings table which can be viewed and changed, it allows only integer values! So when 
setting channels or roles make sure to use the IDS.

* **config guid list**
* **config guild edit** `setting_name` `new_value`

Right now we have the following settings:

* `xp_count` - xp gained per message
* `xp_cooldown` - seconds cooldown after last message before it counts again
* `xp_voice_count` - xp gained in voice
* `xp_voice_cooldown` - cooldown for xp gain in voice
* `enable_xp`  - enable the message xp system
* `enable_voice_xp` - enable the voice xp system
* `enable_emote_counter` - enable emote counters
* `enable_role_rewards`  - enable role rewards for gaining levels
* `enable_bump_counter` - enable bump counter
* `enable_reactions` - enable custom reactions
* `enable_commands` - enable custom commands
* `enable_logging` - enable general logging
* `log_channel_id` - set the channel ID where the log sends messages
* `enable_bump_reminder` - enable reminder tag
* `bump_reminder_role` - Role to be tagged for bump reminders
* `bump_channel` - Channel where the bump reminders are tagged
* `enable_mention_responder` - Enable the responses when you mention the bot
* `enable_qotd_reminder` - Enable the role mention in set question of the day channel
* `qotd_channel` - Channel to tag qotd role
* `qotd_role` - Role to tag in qotd channel   
* `current_count` - Current counter for counting channel
* `enable_count` - Enable the counting channel
* `count_channel` - Counting channel ID
* `enable_join_role` - Enables giving users a role when they join the server
* `join_role` - Actual role to give when a user joins the server

## User config
Users have their own settings per guild. For now, I only use a single setting but more to come soon.

- `no_role_rewards` - Disables gaining role rewards based on levels (if the guild has it enabled)

You can use the following commands to view/change your own settings:
- **config user list** - Show your config
- **config user edit** `<setting_key>` `<setting_value>` - Update a value in your user config

## Logging

The bot is able to log some events to a specific log channel, you have to set the following two settings properly
in the bot config to make it work:

- `enable_logging` - Enable the general log
- `log_channel_id` - Id of the channel where the log sends messages

### Events
I pretty much copied the way MEE6 logs events, it looks the same but it logs more and there is no delay. Not sure
why MEE6 is sometimes so laggy.

The following events are logged:
- Joined server
- Left server
- Kicked from server
- Banned from server
- Unbanned from server
- Received timeout
- Joined voice call
- Left voice call
- Switched voice call
- Muted in voice by moderator
- Unmuted in voice by moderator
- Updated username (old and new username)
- Message updated (show old and new message)
- Message deleted (show deleted message)
- Invite created
- Invite removed
- Started streaming in voice
- Stopped streaming in voice
- Enabled his webcam in voice
- Disabled his webcam in voice

You can enable/disable each event in the log config:

* **config log list** - Look at the log config
* **config log edit** `key` `value` - Enable or disable one of the events

## Moderation
We have some commands which can help moderate the server, or improve other things!

### Channels

You can set flags for channels, the no_xp flag can also be used for voice channels!

##### Flags
* `no_xp` - Bot does not count xp for users when they send messages in this channel
* `media_only` - Channel allows only media and URL, anything else will be deleted.
* `no_stickers` - Stickers will be removed from the chat
* `no_log` - Message logging is disabled for this channel

##### Commands
* **channels list** - List of channels with flags set
* **channels flag** `channel` `flag` - add flag to a channel
* **channels unflag** `channel` `flag` - remove flag from a channel

### Timeout detection
We are not satisfied with the audit log and how timeouts are displayed and
filtered. It is not easy to quickly look up how often somebody has been timed
out, for what reason and how long. Every timeout is automatically saved
in the database including the reason and duration. We can easily see a history
of timeouts + filter timeouts only for specific users.

* **timeouts list** `<user_mention>` - All timeouts or those from a specific user
* **timeouts edit** `<timeout_id>` `<new_reason>`- Update the reason for a timeout
* **timeouts delete** `<timeout_id>` - Remove a timeout from the log only

### Blacklist
People can be put on a blacklist manually or automatically.

* **blacklist list** - Show everyone on the blacklist
* **blacklist block** `<user_mention` `<reason>` - Add someone to the blacklist
* **blacklist unblock** `<user_mention>`  - Remove someone from the blacklist

## Join role
You can make sure the bot gives users a role when they join the server. In order to make it work
you have to set the following settings:

* `enable_join_role` - Enable or disable giving the role
* `join_role` - ID of the actual role to give

## Mention Responder
Small funny feature, when you tag the bot you will get a random reply from a list of mention replies. There are default
replies, but you can also add your own replies based on certain roles or users in the server.

The bot comes with some default groups and replies:
- If you have a high rank in the server (according to the xp system)
- If you are the highest person on the leaderboard (according to the xp system)
- If you bumped the discord the most (all time)
- If you bumped the discord a lot
- If you had timeouts in the past
- If you are highly ranked on the cringe counter leaderboard

You can manage all groups and their replies by using these commands:
- **mention groups list** - Show all groups
- **mention groups add** `discord_role` - Add a group 
- **mention groups delete** `group_id` - Delete a group and its replies (!!!)
- **mention replies** `group_id` - Show all replies for a single group
- **mention replies add** `group_id` `reply_line` - Add a reply to a group
- **mention replies delete** `reply_id`- Delete a reply 


## Fun commands
A few fun commands you can use!

* **fun urb** `search_term` - Searches on urban dictionary
* **fun 8ball** `question` - Ask a question to the 8ball
* **fun ask** `question` - Ask a question and get a gif response
* **fun say** `something` - say something
* **fun modstats** - Who got the power?
* **fun emotes** - List of most used emotes in the guild
* **fun bumpcounter** `time-range` • Check the monthly or all time bump leaderboard
* **cringe add** `<user>` - Increase someone's cringe counter
* **cringe delete** `<user>` - Decrease someone's cringe counter
* **cringe reset** - Reset someone's cringe counter

### Bump Reminder
In order to make the bump reminder work, you need to set the following 3 settings:
* `enable_bump_reminder` - Enable 2 hour tag for people who want to bump the discord
* `bump_reminder_role` - Role to be tagged for bump reminders
* `bump_channel` - Channel where the bump reminders are tagged

### Reactions

Certain strings can be added to the bot and when those strings are detected
in a message the bot will add a reaction to the message with a set emote. These
reactions can be added, removed and viewed with commands so nothing needs to be
done in code.

* **reactions list**
* **reactions add** `<word_trigger` `<reaction_emote>`
* **reactions delete** `<word_trigger`

### Simple commands

Simple commands such as $ping -> response pong can be added in discord as well.
Same as with the reactions you can add and remove and view as many as you like
without the necessity to enter any code. By default, these command triggers do not include the bot
prefix, so if you want to trigger on prefix you need to include the bot prefix in the command.

* **commands list**
* **commands add** `<command>` `<response>`
* **commands delete** `<command>`

### Counting channel
People requested a channel where they can count. You can't count twice in a row and when you make a mistake the
counter is reset to 0, and you are excluding from counting by being put on the blacklist. The bot deletes
any non-numeric messages from the counting channel. When you are blocked the bot will delete and ignore everything
you type. :)

To make it work you need to set the following settings:
* `enable_count` - Enables the counting channel
* `count_channel` - Counting channel

It saves the current count in `current_count`, which you could also change manually.

### Question of the day
In our server some people post questions every day, when they do the bot tags people who want to be reminded
that a new question is posted. This way I do not have to give mention permissions which can be abused easily.

Check these settings:
* `qotd_channel`
* `qotd_role`
* `enable_qotd_reminder`


# Help command
You can write `/help` on discord to get information on most commands in the bot and explanation how they work. 
You can pick your section from the list and get more info.

That's it for now! Enjoy! :)

Commit message:

Added ability to pause invites and fix bug in slash commands

README.md, after:

# Introduction
Discord bot written in PHP using laravel and the DiscordPHP package. Initially created just for our own server but
is now able to run on multiple servers. This project is still a work in progress and not everything might be 
completely user-friendly. Even though it is a general purpose discord bot, I try to add on top what discord already
offers instead of replacing functionality entirely.

Check the `/help` command in discord or if you have questions DM me directly by my discord tag: `drerrievandebuurt`.

## Functionality
Short list of what this bot can do:
- Everything is based on guild, can run on multiple servers with its own data
- Role and permissions system with complete control to assign permissions as you see fit
- Leveling by sending messages and hanging out in voice + commands to manage xp
- Role Rewards based on levels
- Extensive bot config where almost all settings can be changed
- Enable / disable server invites through command to allow mods to use it (has separate permission)
- User config where user can set specific settings for that guild
- Extensive logging with ability to enable/disable each event individually
- Adding flags to channels to for example not gain xp there, or not allow stickers, or only allow media
- Automatic timeout detection to get a better overview of who has been timed out, why and how often
- User blacklist where users can be added and prevented from using certain functions of the bot
- Assign roles to users when they join the server
- Add replies based on roles in the server when you mention the bot
- Reminders - send a reminder every xx time in a certain channel
- Add emotes as custom reactions to strings, when those strings are detected the bot will react with set emote
- Add custom message commands with simple responses
- Counting channel
- Question of the day reminder tag
- Count all emotes send in the server
- Cringe counter where you can increase and decrease as people behave in a cringe way (:D)
- Bump statistics, keeps track of how often people bump the server just for fun
- A bunch of other small fun commands like retrieving info from urban dictionary, generate images with AI and more
- Moderator statistics to see how productive moderators are

## Thanks <3
- Justin & Stefan for ideas and mental support.
- Angel for writing most of the Skyrim lines used in the MentionResponder.
- Richard for bug testing and working out ideas.
- Ricardo for working out ideas to implement.

# Installing
1. Download this repo and install al its dependencies with `composer install`
2. Create your env file `mv .env.example .env` and fill in database credentials
3. Fill in you Discord bot token (BOT_TOKEN) and any other api credentials:
```
BOT_TOKEN=
URB_TOKEN=
URB_HOST=
OPENAI_API_KEY=
OPEN_AI_HOST=
```

 
### Database
The bot will set up everything correctly when it detects a guild for the first time. However you can use the seeder
`GuildSeeder` and `DiscordUsersSeeder` to setup any users and guilds manually.
```php
 class DiscordUsersSeeder extends Seeder
{
    public function run()
    {
        $ids = [
            '<discord_owner_id_here>', 
        ];
        foreach ($ids as $id) {
            DiscordUser::factory()->create([
                'discord_id' => $id,
            ]);
        }
    }
}
```

```php
class GuildSeeder extends Seeder
{
    public function run()
    {
        $guilds = [
            [
                'name' => '<guild_name_here>',
                'guild_id' => '<guild_id_here>', // Servers are guilds
                'owner_id' => 1, // First user added in DiscordUsersSeeder
            ],
        ];
        foreach ($guilds as $guild) {
            Guild::factory()->create($guild);
        }
    }
}
```
- If you let the bot detect guilds itself you can set up the database using `php artisan migrate:fresh --seeder=PermissionSeeder`.
- To run all seeders including users and guilds you can use `php artisan migrate --seed`.

### Running the bot
You can use the following commands to run the bot:
- `bot:run` - Run the bot, does not create, update or delete slash commands
- `bot:run --update` - Creates/Updates all slash commands first
- `bot:run --delete` - Deletes all slash commands first

In order to make the image generation with open ai and reminders work you also need to run the queue `php artisan queue:work` and install redis!

# Functions
I will try to update this readme with new functionality as I add it. The bot uses only slash commands! 
The slash commands all use sub commands to group them together and autocomplete is on where possible for all inputs!

## Multiple servers
The bot runs on multiple servers, if it detects a guild for the first time it will set up everything required and loads
some default settings. When adding the bot to your server the bot needs these permissions:
- View audit log
- Read messages
- Send messages
- Manage messages
- Embed links
- Read message history
- Add Reactions
- Use voice activity

## Roles and permissions

The bot uses a permissions and role system. Permissions are coded into the bot and available for you to assign
to as many roles as you like, those roles can be assigned to as many users as you like. Users can also have multiple
roles.

### Permissions
`roles` `create-role` `delete-role` `update-role` `permissions` `attach-permission` `attach-role` `config`
`timeouts` `channels` `add-cringe` `delete-cringe` `commands` `reactions` `role-rewards` `manage-xp` `logs`
`role_rewards` `manage_xp` `add_mention` `del_mention` `manage_mention_group` `openai` `abusers`, `invites`

### Default Roles
`Admin` `Moderator`

### Commands

* **roles list** • Overview of all roles and their permissions
* **roles add** `role_name` • Add a new role
* **roles delete** `role_name` • Delete a role
* **roles roles** `user_mention` • See your roles or those from another user
* **permissions list** • Overview of all permissions
* **permissions add** `role_name` `perm_name` • Add permission(s) to a role
* **permissions delete** `role_name` `perm_name` • Remove permission(s) from a role
* **users list** • Overview of all users and their roles
* **users add** `user_mention` `role_name` • Add user to the given role
* **users delete** `user_mention` `role_name` • Remove user from given role";

## Levels and XP

If enabled users can gain xp by sending messages and hanging out in voice. Check the Bot config section below
for more control how much xp people gain per message, per minute in voice and if you want to enable this functionality
at all. It is possible to attach role rewards to levels, when a user reaches that specific level a new role is granted.

For gaining xp in voice we have two extra rules:
- Muted users (either mic muted or both) do not gain XP.
- Users in a voice channel marked as `no_xp` will not gain XP.

More on how to set the no_xp flag to a channel later.

### Calculating Levels

This is what I use to calculate required XP for each level: `5 * (lvl ^ 2) + (50 * lvl) + 100 - xp` it is the exact same 
XP system as MEE6 uses. You can read more here ->  https://github.com/Mee6/Mee6-documentation/blob/master/docs/levels_xp.md


### Commands

* **xp leaderboard** • Show the leaderboard with the highest ranking members at the top
* **xp rank** `user_mention` • Show your own level, xp and messages or that of another user
* **xp give** `user_mention` `xp_amount` • Give user xp
* **xp remove** `user_mention` `xp_amount` • Remove user xp
* **xp reset** `user_mention` • Reset XP for user
* **rolerewards list** • Show the role rewards for different levels
* **rolerewards add** `level` `role_id` • Add a role reward to a level
* **rolerewards delete** `level` • Delete role rewards from this level";

## Bot Config

The bot loads a config from the settings table which can be viewed and changed, it allows only integer values! So when 
setting channels or roles make sure to use the IDS.

* **config guid list**
* **config guild edit** `setting_name` `new_value`

Right now we have the following settings:

* `xp_count` - xp gained per message
* `xp_cooldown` - seconds cooldown after last message before it counts again
* `xp_voice_count` - xp gained in voice
* `xp_voice_cooldown` - cooldown for xp gain in voice
* `enable_xp`  - enable the message xp system
* `enable_voice_xp` - enable the voice xp system
* `enable_emote_counter` - enable emote counters
* `enable_role_rewards`  - enable role rewards for gaining levels
* `enable_bump_counter` - enable bump counter
* `enable_reactions` - enable custom reactions
* `enable_commands` - enable custom commands
* `enable_logging` - enable general logging
* `log_channel_id` - set the channel ID where the log sends messages
* `enable_bump_reminder` - enable reminder tag
* `bump_reminder_role` - Role to be tagged for bump reminders
* `bump_channel` - Channel where the bump reminders are tagged
* `enable_mention_responder` - Enable the responses when you mention the bot
* `enable_qotd_reminder` - Enable the role mention in set question of the day channel
* `qotd_channel` - Channel to tag qotd role
* `qotd_role` - Role to tag in qotd channel   
* `current_count` - Current counter for counting channel
* `enable_count` - Enable the counting channel
* `count_channel` - Counting channel ID
* `enable_join_role` - Enables giving users a role when they join the server
* `join_role` - Actual role to give when a user joins the server

## User config
Users have their own settings per guild. For now, I only use a single setting but more to come soon.

- `no_role_rewards` - Disables gaining role rewards based on levels (if the guild has it enabled)

You can use the following commands to view/change your own settings:
- **config user list** - Show your config
- **config user edit** `<setting_key>` `<setting_value>` - Update a value in your user config

## Logging

The bot is able to log some events to a specific log channel, you have to set the following two settings properly
in the bot config to make it work:

- `enable_logging` - Enable the general log
- `log_channel_id` - Id of the channel where the log sends messages

### Events
I pretty much copied the way MEE6 logs events, it looks the same but it logs more and there is no delay. Not sure
why MEE6 is sometimes so laggy.

The following events are logged:
- Joined server
- Left server
- Kicked from server
- Banned from server
- Unbanned from server
- Received timeout
- Joined voice call
- Left voice call
- Switched voice call
- Muted in voice by moderator
- Unmuted in voice by moderator
- Updated username (old and new username)
- Message updated (show old and new message)
- Message deleted (show deleted message)
- Invite created
- Invite removed
- Started streaming in voice
- Stopped streaming in voice
- Enabled his webcam in voice
- Disabled his webcam in voice

You can enable/disable each event in the log config:

* **config log list** - Look at the log config
* **config log edit** `key` `value` - Enable or disable one of the events

## Moderation
We have some commands which can help moderate the server, or improve other things!

### Channels

You can set flags for channels, the no_xp flag can also be used for voice channels!

##### Flags
* `no_xp` - Bot does not count xp for users when they send messages in this channel
* `media_only` - Channel allows only media and URL, anything else will be deleted.
* `no_stickers` - Stickers will be removed from the chat
* `no_log` - Message logging is disabled for this channel

##### Commands
* **channels list** - List of channels with flags set
* **channels flag** `channel` `flag` - add flag to a channel
* **channels unflag** `channel` `flag` - remove flag from a channel

### Timeout detection
We are not satisfied with the audit log and how timeouts are displayed and
filtered. It is not easy to quickly look up how often somebody has been timed
out, for what reason and how long. Every timeout is automatically saved
in the database including the reason and duration. We can easily see a history
of timeouts + filter timeouts only for specific users.

* **timeouts list** `<user_mention>` - All timeouts or those from a specific user
* **timeouts edit** `<timeout_id>` `<new_reason>`- Update the reason for a timeout
* **timeouts delete** `<timeout_id>` - Remove a timeout from the log only

### Blacklist
People can be put on a blacklist manually or automatically.

* **blacklist list** - Show everyone on the blacklist
* **blacklist block** `<user_mention` `<reason>` - Add someone to the blacklist
* **blacklist unblock** `<user_mention>`  - Remove someone from the blacklist

## Join role
You can make sure the bot gives users a role when they join the server. In order to make it work
you have to set the following settings:

* `enable_join_role` - Enable or disable giving the role
* `join_role` - ID of the actual role to give

## Disable server invites
Since discord requires a "Mange server" permission to pause invites I added a simple command to
do it with the bot:

- **invites toggle** - Enable/disable invites

There is a separate permission available `invites` which is required for this command. Only
the admin has it by default.
## Mention Responder
Small funny feature, when you tag the bot you will get a random reply from a list of mention replies. There are default
replies, but you can also add your own replies based on certain roles or users in the server.

The bot comes with some default groups and replies:
- If you have a high rank in the server (according to the xp system)
- If you are the highest person on the leaderboard (according to the xp system)
- If you bumped the discord the most (all time)
- If you bumped the discord a lot
- If you had timeouts in the past
- If you are highly ranked on the cringe counter leaderboard

You can manage all groups and their replies by using these commands:
- **mention groups list** - Show all groups
- **mention groups add** `discord_role` - Add a group 
- **mention groups delete** `group_id` - Delete a group and its replies (!!!)
- **mention replies** `group_id` - Show all replies for a single group
- **mention replies add** `group_id` `reply_line` - Add a reply to a group
- **mention replies delete** `reply_id`- Delete a reply 


## Fun commands
A few fun commands you can use!

* **fun urb** `search_term` - Searches on urban dictionary
* **fun 8ball** `question` - Ask a question to the 8ball
* **fun ask** `question` - Ask a question and get a gif response
* **fun say** `something` - say something
* **fun modstats** - Who got the power?
* **fun emotes** - List of most used emotes in the guild
* **fun bumpcounter** `time-range` • Check the monthly or all time bump leaderboard
* **cringe add** `<user>` - Increase someone's cringe counter
* **cringe delete** `<user>` - Decrease someone's cringe counter
* **cringe reset** - Reset someone's cringe counter

### Bump Reminder
In order to make the bump reminder work, you need to set the following 3 settings:
* `enable_bump_reminder` - Enable 2 hour tag for people who want to bump the discord
* `bump_reminder_role` - Role to be tagged for bump reminders
* `bump_channel` - Channel where the bump reminders are tagged

### Reactions

Certain strings can be added to the bot and when those strings are detected
in a message the bot will add a reaction to the message with a set emote. These
reactions can be added, removed and viewed with commands so nothing needs to be
done in code.

* **reactions list**
* **reactions add** `<word_trigger` `<reaction_emote>`
* **reactions delete** `<word_trigger`

### Simple commands

Simple commands such as $ping -> response pong can be added in discord as well.
Same as with the reactions you can add and remove and view as many as you like
without the necessity to enter any code. By default, these command triggers do not include the bot
prefix, so if you want to trigger on prefix you need to include the bot prefix in the command.

* **commands list**
* **commands add** `<command>` `<response>`
* **commands delete** `<command>`

### Counting channel
People requested a channel where they can count. You can't count twice in a row and when you make a mistake the
counter is reset to 0, and you are excluding from counting by being put on the blacklist. The bot deletes
any non-numeric messages from the counting channel. When you are blocked the bot will delete and ignore everything
you type. :)

To make it work you need to set the following settings:
* `enable_count` - Enables the counting channel
* `count_channel` - Counting channel

It saves the current count in `current_count`, which you could also change manually.

### Question of the day
In our server some people post questions every day, when they do the bot tags people who want to be reminded
that a new question is posted. This way I do not have to give mention permissions which can be abused easily.

Check these settings:
* `qotd_channel`
* `qotd_role`
* `enable_qotd_reminder`


# Help command
You can write `/help` on discord to get information on most commands in the bot and explanation how they work. 
You can pick your section from the list and get more info.

That's it for now! Enjoy! :)
